feat: add c implementation of `stats/base/dists/weibull/logpdf` (#4194)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/weibull/logpdf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/weibull/logpdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_weibull_logpdf( x, k, lambda )

> Evaluates the natural logarithm of the probability density function (PDF) for a Weibull distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the logarithm of the [probability density function][pdf] (PDF) for a [Weibull][weibull-distribution] distribution with [shape parameter][shape] `k` and [scale parameter][scale] `lambda`.
```
